Update Input type range (#430)
h5bp/html5please: posts/input-range.md

feature: <input type=range>
status: use
tags: gtie9
kind: html
polyfillurls: [Input Range Polyfill](https://github.com/freqdec/fd-slider), [rangeslider.js](http://andreruffert.github.io/rangeslider.js/)

A range input (AKA slider) is supported by all evergreen browsers and Internet Explorer 11. Also it will fall back to a plain text input if it's not supported.

> If you have to support for Internet Explorer 10 and below you can use freqdec's [Input Range Polyfill](https://github.com/freqdec/fd-slider), [rangeslider.js](http://andreruffert.github.io/rangeslider.js/).

Reviewer: It’s supported by IE10 according to [can I use](https://caniuse.com/#search=input-range) plus its one superfluous word in this sentence.

So it should be 
```suggestion
If you have to support Internet Explorer 9 and below you can use freqdec's [Input Range Polyfill](https://github.com/freqdec/fd-slider), [rangeslider.js](http://andreruffert.github.io/rangeslider.js/).
```
